>>ZEUS YIAMOUYIANNIS:
The constituency
is no longer the market
itself or any fundamentals.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: It
has no bearings, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It's the
wealthiest in the world.
And so that is what's really
calling the shots now.
So there's a problem with
integrity and viability
for the generations to come
while you're serving yourself.
We have to be able to get
beyond that mentality,
but for the most part, if we
have a decent relationship,
we like it when
somebody is helping us,
and we like to
help somebody else.
We have an economy that's
doing the opposite.
We can't buy into
that programming
at the metaphysical level.
We have to make our
stand, and that's
what we need to focus on.
How can we bring that
pragmatism together
with that much more fulfilling
cosmically-oriented big
everything?
And then pull our energy
away from that very low level
global sort of elite
big everything.
And we do it through the local.
We do it through relationships.
That heart-based feeling
is what is important.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA: In Zeus
Yiamouyiannis's 2013 book
"Transforming
Economy" he said we
were entering a
time of lawlessness
in our economic structures.
This means that the
fundamentals we'd
been investing by for decades
would no longer apply.
Well, this has come to pass.
So what does apply
in today's post-COVID
and some would say
ravaged economy?
You look at some
mainstream outlets,
oh, everything's looking good.
You go to the store, whoa, what
happened to all the products?
So there is a huge
disconnect in terms
of what we're
witnessing on the ground
and seeing among
people compared to what
they're reporting on MSNBC.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And can I
read something, Zeus,
that you gave me from
Charles's "Of Two Minds"?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
That was my quote.
>>REGINA: That was your quote?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, that he
posted in "Of Two Minds"?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: This is
really important.
It says "markets are no longer
markets at all or even casinos.
They're clearinghouses
for transfers of wealth
from the many to the few."
I don't think there's
a person watching
this that doesn't get that.
So go ahead and open it
up with your comments
before we get into what
happened during the bailouts.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Well, let's look
at what did happen from
the last interview on Gaia.
We showed a chart where
literally the assets,
the revenues were tanking, and
the market was going way up.
As drastically as
revenues were going down,
the market itself was
going up, and that can--
>>REGINA: That's wrong.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: That was wrong.
We knew that something
was wrong there.
We'll talk a little bit
about with gold and dollars
as well with regard to that.
But what ended up
happening was that
because an overwhelming
amount of those stocks
is owned by the very wealthy,
the money that was lent out
to address COVID all went
into hedge funds and Wall
Street and not Main Street.
We're going to talk a
little bit about that.
>>REGINA: Well, we are.
That's important.
That's where that bailout--
if anybody is paying--
was paying attention when those
first bailouts came in 2020,
the first $1.4 trillion
went to Wall Street.
Not to the people, not
for any social services,
not for medical.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Corporations in Wall Street.
>>REGINA: Corporations in
Wall Street, big corporations.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And now
they can leverage that
to a factor of four or
five, so you basically
gave them an infusion of
liquidity amounting to anywhere
from $4 to $7 trillion.
>>REGINA: Well, this has shown
in how much their wealth has
grown over the last
year and a half.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Skyrocketing while
everyone else is tanking.
Not everyone, but a
lot of the top sectors.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Billionaires alone,
we're talking a handful
of people, 400 families,
billionaires, were making
trillions during the biggest
downturn--
>>REGINA: Since the
Great Depression.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: --since
the Great Depression.
>>REGINA: Now, let me
ask you something, Zeus.
Did that mirror the
Great Depression?
Was there extreme
wealth that was
being leveraged during
the Great Depression?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: No.
>>REGINA: It wasn't the same.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
No, the reason why
you had so many people
committing suicides
off their Wall Street
buildings back then.
>>REGINA: Because they weren't
being bailed out, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
They were tanking.
I mean, much of the
monetary policy we had now
was ostensibly sold to prevent
the kinds of huge swings.
The central reserve was only--
it was in 1907--
something in that order, 1907--
I think it started in 1913.
I think--
>>REGINA: '13,
Federal Reserve, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: --was
officially formed,
but you know, the Jekyll Island,
and the behind the scenes
happened a few
years before that.
But what that turned
into was a guarantor,
and it was formed
by the very elite
in society for their wealth.
They were not going to be caught
with their pants down again,
even if they're-- because
they're the ones owning a lot
of this stuff, what they were
going to do is create a system
that could, quote,
"stabilize the economy."
But who did it end up helping?
Well, we know that,
as that has evolved
to this post-COVID economy.
Literally trillions just got
siphoned out of Main Street,
went to Wall Street
and to corporations.
>>REGINA: And as you said, what
happened with that money that
was supposed to be used to
pump up the infrastructure,
help retain jobs for those
who were on the margin.
Even within those
corporations, a lot of it
went back into buying
back their own stocks
to give an illusion of
the company's growth.
But it was all an illusion.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: But let
me ask you this.
It was an illusion.
They were buying back
their own stocks,
but since A, a lot of
people weren't aware of it,
so if you have people investors,
which compared to algorithm
investment, how does that work
with algorithms when it appears
a company has just raised
their value because all
of these stocks trades
and its in-house trading?
How does that work
with algorithms?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Well, the
market only responds to demand.
It doesn't ask for what
the quality of that demand,
or whether or not
it's funny money,
or if it's real money saved from
real people, retail investors.
>>REGINA: So the algorithms
are buy, buy, buy.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Well, a
lot of these algorithms,
including high
frequency trading,
are built to
purposely manipulate
the market by
either selling a lot
or selling shorts where
you don't even have it,
but you create a signal to the
market that it's being sold,
so you depress it so that
you can win a bet going down.
They're doing the
same thing going up.
I call it naked long buying
instead of naked short selling,
where you literally get zero
interest money, infinite money
almost, to buy up
your own stocks
and other stocks in the market.
And the Fed has
even sent a signal
that they're willing to
buy up stocks themselves
in order to keep the
stock market afloat,
regardless of what value it has.
>>REGINA: That's not fair.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It's not fair.
It's not fair at all.
It doesn't have any
fundamentals to it.
But if you pump money,
whether it's funny money,
whether it's printed
money or it's real money,
the market responds the same.
>>REGINA: The same.
So you said also that
for the first time
in its 107-year
history, they began
buying up non-investment-grade
junk bonds.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yep.
>>REGINA: So they weren't
even buying real--
I mean, valuable assets at all.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: No.
The whole point of
a market, and we'll
talk about other ways in which
the traditional market has
completely fallen,
has become a joke,
is that you have risk, OK?
People talk about moral hazard,
like if you don't punish people
that have invested unwisely,
then they'll go ahead
and they'll take
advantage more and more
and use kind of a crooked
or unbalanced system.
But that's an example of exactly
how the market is broken.
A market is supposed
to reward risk,
and you're supposed to have
your own money behind it.
Just like an entrepreneur,
if you win, you win,
you lose you lose.
You learn, you move on,
and you get better at it
and you go back.
Now, there is basically a
policy over the government
and the Fed, and this is not
just true in the United States,
but the whole world
over, to never allow
a bear market again.
So literally, we will
lower interest rates
to 0% for 12 years.
We will pump money
in, whatever it takes.
We'll buy up
non-investment-grade junk
bonds, the very thing
that you invest in
because they're high risk, high
return, and the very thing you
should never have
a guarantee on.
They're now guaranteeing it,
because their constituency
is no longer the market
itself or any fundamentals.
It has no bearings, yeah.
It's the wealthiest
in the world.
And the wealthiest
in the world aren't
loyal to a particular
country anymore.
They're loyal to
their pocketbook.
They're loyal to, in some
sense, each other, though there
are some rivalries.
And so that is what's really
calling the shots now.
>>REGINA: And so this
allows the wealthy not only
to have these incredible
gains in their portfolios
and have all that
wealth siphoned upward
or downward to them,
and at the same time,
when they need to make a
purchase, they use debt.
They don't use their own money.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yep.
That's another way
in which the market
has become corrupted
and so distorted as
to not be a market anymore.
Now what we have, because
of 0% interest rate money--
and it's been going
on for 12 years now--
stealing trillions from
Mom, Pop American, OK,
and around the world.
12 years at 0% interest
rate stealing trillions,
but it allows them to go
ahead and not only buy up
their own stocks, and stocks
in other companies unlimited,
but also to get
into massive debt,
because they don't have to pay
any money on that debt, right?
So now they can--
literally, this
is why Jeff Bezos
and these guys don't
pay any income taxes, right?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
They allow the assets
of the companies they
own, like Amazon for Jeff
Bezos, et cetera, to continue
to raise in value because it's
being inflated by funny money
being thrown into there,
and trillions of dollars
flowing into the market, which
will only make it go up.
And then they take debt at
0% interest rate, or near 0%
interest rate, to buy
up, pay for things,
and then they can take
that off their taxes
so they don't pay any taxes.
>>REGINA: When people
listen to this initially,
when we'll get around
to the part that
will become our responsibility
as human beings.
But it's very depressing,
because the game is so rigged.
There's literally--
I mean, now there
are some people watching
right now that say yeah,
but you know, I stayed
in the stock market
and I'm doing pretty
well right now.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: So that
for some people
is like, it's working for me.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And I would
challenge those people.
The retirement generation, what
I would call the retirement
generation, and those
could be young people who
made out pretty well--
look at the integrity
of what you're doing.
They say, OK, well,
somebody's got to do it,
and the market's going.
And if it's a rigged game, then
we should all pile into it.
And even cyber currency
is falling under this.
And what's interesting,
what's happening right now,
is that gold is going up.
The dollar is going up.
Stocks are going up.
Bonds are going up and
cyber currency is going up.
These are all supposed to go
opposite in a real market.
>>REGINA: Right, and
you go on the street,
and you see all these strip
malls with "for lease,"
shuttered up, boarded up,
"for lease" signs on them,
"for rent" signs on them.
You see the products in the
stores, the inventory shrinking
and across the board in almost
every kind of retail outlet
now.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Exactly, and
there's a phony wealth effect.
What the marginal
investors, let's say
upper-middle-class Americans
are seeing, especially
nearing retirement, my
stocks are looking great.
Doesn't look like
they can ever fail.
They take a look around.
>>REGINA: Is there
truth in that, though?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: There
is truth in that,
because when the Fed says,
we'll even buy up stocks,
and they've brought up junk
bonds, which are outrageous
and a complete
violation of any kind
of self-regulating economy,
then the fix is in.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And so
people who have some money,
they're saying, well,
if the fix is in,
I'm going to get my
chunk of the pie.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: If they're
going to buy up stocks and make
sure that this never
goes down, then why
wouldn't I just buy up stocks?
>>REGINA: Why wouldn't they?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
cybercurrency and gold
and everything else.
It's all going to go up.
>>REGINA: Why wouldn't they?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
When you can print
trillions and just
flow it into all
of those markets,
and the ones that used
to counter each other,
now they're all going
the same direction.
Hey, hey, hey.
But again, I see it a lot
like a fisherman who says,
all the fish are being
depleted in this ocean.
I better go out and
get mine real quick
so I can feed my family.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
what you're doing
is you're destroying the
entire ecosystem of the ocean.
So there's a problem with
integrity and viability
for the generations to come
while you're serving yourself.
We have to be able to get
beyond that mentality.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to spend
the last part of this
show talking about what
we can do to get
past that mentality,
because it's very
tempting when you're
feeling kind of the wheels
come off all around you.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
>>REGINA: Maybe you've even
been forced to retire early
or lost your job, but
hey, those markets
are still working for you.
Why would anyone say,
I'm going to pull out.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: They wouldn't.
>>REGINA: In this world today,
there's so much insecurity,
but you're saying,
pause and think about it
and plan for the next stage.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
And as we're going to
focus on this, where we're
we going to move with
integrity going forward,
we're going to lay out a lot
of the lack of integrity.
But let's talk a little
bit about how integrity has
been dishonored and sacrificed.
>>REGINA: Well, let's do that.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: In those areas.
>>REGINA: Those
three myths, yes.
And then I want to get into,
because you've already said,
everything's going up.
Those were like checks
and balances before.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: The market
went down, gold went up.
You know, it was very
predictable until what,
five, 10 years ago.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yep.
>>REGINA: Something happened
and it's like, wait a minute.
How do yo even--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Even just
in the last few years.
>>REGINA: In the last
few years, even more so.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so
let's go into that,
because I want to talk about a
little business in Sacramento
and what happened.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: As a result of
this whole COVID thing
that is just heartbreaking
to everybody.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's
go into the three--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Well, he's
a good example of this, OK.
You'll talk a little bit
more about the business,
but the three things
that had always
worked for people, that worked
for him, that worked for Main
Street small businesses, and
what we've always been preached
for hundreds of years,
right, since the founding
of this country, was
there's three things that
will advance you economically,
hard work, education
and savings.
Those have always
been the standards
of a successful,
responsible citizen.
>>REGINA: And many people
watching this right now
are saving money to
make sure their kids can
go to a decent college,
so they can come out
and get an expected decent job.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
And here's what we have.
The reality is this with
regard to working hard.
We now have a minimum wage that
hasn't been raised in 12 years.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Some states are--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: More than
double what it is now,
and it still wouldn't have kept
up with the cost of living.
>>REGINA: Right
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Still $7.25,
or maybe raised to $7.85,
I don't know.
But it's under $8,
way, way below.
And we have downsizing
corporations
who reward their, quote, "hard
workers" and "good workers"
with getting the workload of
the person they just downsized
dumped on them.
So they get to
work twice as hard
for the same amount
of money in order
to make that corporation and
their stockholders that much
more money.
The productivity since
the 1970s has leveled off.
It used to go,
you would get paid
and compensation with
your productivity
marched lockstep for decades.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And then
right around the '70s and '80s,
late '70s and early '80s,
they started to part,
and now they've
just gone like this.
Your productivity
has skyrocketed.
Your compensation has flatlined.
>>REGINA: Right, and
I think most people
can appreciate that.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because they're
seeing this in their own lives
or with their
families or friends.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right, and
the education part of it
is, now education is one
of the most inflated prices
ever, something like
1,110% or 1,200%
back when I wrote that book.
>>REGINA: Right,
eight years ago now.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah,
it had increased so much,
and student debt
was so overwhelming.
That's why people are talking
about forgiving student debt.
And they're not
getting the jobs.
They're getting barista jobs.
You're doing better
as a plumber,
far better as a plumber.
>>REGINA: Absolutely
and the trades.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
So you are educating
yourself into massive debt,
not into that forecasted
future of this great earnings,
because those jobs aren't there.
A lot of them are outsourced,
downsized and so forth.
And finally,
savings, 0% interest
on your savings for
the last 12 years,
trillions of dollars
of non-growth
that's just been used to
inflate the stock market
and to subsidize billionaires.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK, and then just to get
us even more riled up--
[laughter]
There's a beloved cafe in
Sacramento, California,
and I mean beloved.
In fact, when it
closed during COVID,
people were, everyone was
talking about, oh my god, they
have to--
Tower Cafe, and they
have to open back up.
That's the heartbeat
of this city,
and I think many, many people
in the city of Sacramento
would argue, this is the
heartbeat of Sacramento.
So they got through that
first period of time.
They had to close for a
while, and Jim, the owner,
started working with,
what's it called, PP--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The
Paycheck Protection Program.
>>REGINA: Protection
Program, PPP.
He was working with them,
had all his financials out.
And this is a large cafe,
does a lot of business.
And he was OKed
by the government
to get the PPP loan
of up to $2 million
to pump back in for
all the lost wages.
The people that own
the building never
stopped charging maximum
rent the whole time,
even though he was closed.
So it was all good to go.
And then the bank
had a little foul-up,
and he couldn't get the money.
And I said, well, isn't there
a way to correct it, I mean,
if the bank made a mistake.
He said, no.
He said, I'm sitting here.
The only value this
business has is
that these people are
sitting here in the garden
and I can appreciate
the fact that they're
enjoying their time.
I don't know how long I can
keep the doors open for them.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: I'm doing
everything I can,
and they didn't give
me the PPP money.
And that went to corporations
that were getting $50 million,
they were being given, even.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Hedge funds.
>>REGINA: Hedge funds.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: With
less than 50 employees,
but had billions and billions
of in assets and income
that was stratospheric,
were the first in line.
>>REGINA: Exactly, so you
have this really important,
heart-centered
business that everyone
was waiting to go
back to work to,
because he treated them so well.
And the customers are like
waiting with bated breath
for the days their
doors open again,
and he can't see how he's
going to be able, no matter how
hard he works and
his employees work,
to really get through this now.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
The compact is
irretrievably broken.
>>REGINA: It's broken.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And I mean,
it hurts everyone.
And all of us are thinking,
God, can we do a GoFundMe.
What can we do to help
the cafes stay open?
What can you do?
I mean, what do we do?
This is a good case
in point to talk
about what can be done for
businesses like this that
do it right, did it right,
and got screwed where
the money went to the top.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Well,
in the short term,
I think you're right.
There's going to have to be
a concerted community, effort
and that's always been the
gold standard of any economy.
During the Great
Depression, what worked?
When people were starving,
when people couldn't
feed their kids,
they got together
and they shared what little they
had to make sure that nobody,
as much as they could-- plenty
of people went hungry, right,
but people didn't starve.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: You know, and
that we could get through it,
and that was also the time when
we had so-called government
programs started.
Soon after that,
Social Security.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Soon after
that, from those abuses
and those starvations,
especially among elderly people
among working families, that
created guarantees around that.
That's where Social
Security came from.
Medicare and Medicaid kind
of stemmed from that as well.
So we began to realize that
we cannot have a functioning
economy if we don't pay
attention to the people that
create the real value, and
that's a person on the street.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
We've lost that again.
>>REGINA: We have lost it again.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And we have
to get back to it again.
In your case, I would
say, yes, have a community
rally around this place.
>>REGINA: Tower Cafe, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
And do a fundraiser,
and let's get that
money if we have to.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: But let's
begin to put our money
in our local economies
and not think
about just making the next
big break in the cybercurrency
or the stock market.
>>REGINA: No kidding.
Meanwhile, you're
talking about people.
OK, so you have COVID.
So you have these subsidy
payments that are going on,
this extra unemployment and
these additional payments,
right.
Well, when you're
working out a crap job
that pays that amount of money.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Who isn't going to
ride it out to the last minute?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: You're making
more money on subsidy
than at that job.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And it doesn't have
to be that harsh and that ugly.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And Jim, the owner of
Tower, he pays his people well,
and they're all back.
They're happy to be back.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
not how most of them do.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: So now we were
looking at the numbers.
Now, those benefits are
running out state by state.
They're just about
gone as we record this.
So right now, there
are 11.7 job openings
with 12.1 million people
claiming unemployment.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
>>REGINA: There's many
jobs open as people looking
for unemployment benefits.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about this phenomenon.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
When you break the compact
as badly as it's been broken,
when people are literally
punished for working harder,
given more work to
do and not more pay,
where they're not given
their productivity,
they go on a kind of strike.
They get burnt out.
In America, you don't
even go on vacation.
You've given two weeks versus
five to six weeks in Europe.
You're not even given
health insurance.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Not
real health insurance.
>>REGINA: Right.
We don't have, quote,
"socialized medicine."
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: So
you're getting paid crap.
The major expenses
are not being covered.
You are not allowed to take a
break for the most part, right.
And then all of a sudden,
you're expected to just want
to jump back into work.
No.
At a certain point, there's
been a rebellion there.
It's a strike.
It's a general strike of about
12 million people saying,
I don't want or
need this anymore.
>>REGINA: I don't want to
live like that anymore.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: I don't
want to live like that.
I don't want to simply
be pumping out more
for faceless corporations
and equity firms
and so forth that are buying up
more and more real businesses
in assets, and trying to wring
even more money out of people.
>>REGINA: Well, and
those kinds of wages
don't give you a chance at
any kind of dignified life.
I mean, you and I have
talked about this.
When I was a young kid, a
teenager, and in my early 20s,
I could afford my own
apartment in San Francisco
on a very average, little job,
not much above minimum wage.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And it was a nice
little studio apartment.
I could still go to the store.
I could get my cable car
tickets and even buy a dress.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: That's not even
remotely possible now.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: We figured
that same apartment now in San
Francisco would require
about $170,000 salary,
and you're not going to
get that as a receptionist.
You're not going to get that
working at a hair salon.
>>REGINA: No, I worked at a
very famous hair salon, in fact,
the one that was featured
in that recent movie
about Hollywood--
what was it called?
With Brad Pitt.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Oh,
I can't remember.
Yeah, I remember the
one it was about--
>>REGINA: That won the Academy
Award about the Manson Family.
I was sadly working for one
of the people Manson killed
at that time, but it was
a very high-end salon
and I had a very
lowly job there.
And it paid all my bills.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
>>REGINA: You know, and that
kind of simple, dignified life
where you can just put your
40 hours a week in and have
a nice life, that's not really
possible now unless you're
in a much higher
category of income.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Or you've jumped
on that corrupt bandwagon.
>>REGINA: Well, you can
jump on that bandwagon,
but for the most part, if
you're a normal working
person like I was,
you've got to live
three or four people
in that house now
in order to make that rent.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
>>REGINA: With those
jobs, similar jobs,
kind of like artist collectives.
You know, everybody's living
like that now, or moving back
with their parents and families.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
that's one of the promises
that may be open, and
some of the opportunities.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
If we are forced,
because the individualistic
way that we've approached
it and the guarantees
that we have
toward our individualistic and
more nuclear family lifestyle
are broken, we may be forced
into communal structures
to be able to share
housing, to share expenses.
>>REGINA: Well,
I'm all for that,
And we'll talk about
that, because I
think that's a good
thing, not a bad thing.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because we were living
in our little silos, everyone
in their own condo, you know.
So now, let's talk
about another thing
before we go further into that.
And people are looking
around and saying,
oh my god, this is weird.
I can't even buy
the toaster I like.
They don't have any.
I can't buy-- I have to wait
six months for a refrigerator.
I talked to my
chiropractor recently,
who moved to a new home
and redid the kitchen.
He and his wife decided to do
a Subzero suite with the range
and the refrigerator.
May of 2020, they
ordered their stuff.
They still haven't gotten it
nearly a year and a half later.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: We know what's
happening in the auto industry.
Used cars are way up
in value because you
can't get certain makes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Toyota is cutting back
production 40% in 2022, I read.
Now, people say,
what's COVID have
to do with a shortage
of virtually everything.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: So can you
tell us what happened?
Well, one of them is the
computer chip shortage,
but why did that even
happen all of a sudden?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Well, the problem
is that all of these things
rely on timing and links.
They are called the
supply line for a reason.
>>REGINA: Supply chain, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Yeah, or supply chain,
and if one of the chinks
in the chain gets broken,
then you have a problem.
>>REGINA: But why'd they
suddenly run out of chips?
How'd that happen.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Well, again, it
could be something very small,
like the mining company
that digs it up,
or there was some kind
of close-quarters contact
where they couldn't,
because of COVID, or who
knows what the reason is.
But if there's
anything that impinges
upon the ability to
not only manifest that,
the raw materials for that, and
then people working together
in those factories or whatever
putting them together--
some of them are made by
computers and so forth,
but it doesn't matter.
Any little fragility within
that system that gets disrupted
creates problems for
the entire thing.
>>REGINA: And so with
COVID, many of these systems
were disrupted.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: They
were, not only in
terms of just the production,
but the consumption.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: People
were staying at home.
They were not shopping.
They were not buying.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It didn't
make any sense to produce then.
>>REGINA: So then when the
money starts cranking back up,
it takes a while for the
supply chain to crank back up.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Do you think
that's happening?
Because I'm seeing
inventory shrink everywhere.
I keep an eye on the ground.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: I think
we're going to see supply line
interruptions for as long as the
eye can see, because it's been
so disrupted and we're
still kind of skating
on thin ice in terms of
any kind of sustainability
or viability of the
economy, despite all
of the great fanfare
of, everything's
back up and going
again, that we're
going to see issues with that.
We have a vulnerability
that's been exposed.
The vulnerability is
that we need each other,
and we ran economies
almost automatedly,
as if we didn't need each
other, and as if the lowest
worker was dispensable.
We just kicked them out,
especially if they're
in a Third-World or
a developing country,
where they can paint
crap and we'll just
move our factories over there.
We saw that with China.
We moved a lot of
over there, and then
if we needed personal
protective equipment
because we didn't have any
ability to produce it here,
it created a real
shortage, a real problem.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: So now
we have an opportunity
through this, if we do it
right, to start to reincorporate
some manufacturing,
reincorporate work, makes
supply lines more
local and national
rather than always
international.
>>REGINA: Well, that
seems inevitable,
and one person that kind
of stayed ahead of it
in the auto industry,
for example,
was Elon Musk, because he
saw the chip thing coming.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And he
diversified where
chips were being made,
and doing alliances
with other people
that weren't going
to be-- other chip makers.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So he only missed
like, I think, three production
days is what I read
in one article,
whereas others are
literally having to cut back
to the extent even of 40%.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: An analogy for
this would be hybridized corn.
What happened was
they wanted to always
pump up bigger and
bigger ears of corn
to have more and
more yields per acre.
What they did was hybridize
it for that production,
and then you have a
disease that comes along,
and that hybridized corn,
OK, doesn't have the gene
to fight off that
disease, and it
starts wiping out whole crops.
The same thing is happening
with supply lines.
They're putting
all of their eggs
into one basket,
and all of a sudden,
there's a problem
with that basket.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
you look at nature,
and all the best environments,
the ones that buffer easily,
have diversity like crazy.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
and they balance.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: They
balance each other.
They buffer each other.
A diversified portfolio in
your stock market, same idea.
One stock goes down, OK.
It's not that much a
hit for the other ones.
The other ones can kind of
pick up and compensate for it.
We don't really have that.
The economy has gone
for maximum profit,
which has created this very
narrow and kind of tenuous
situation.
>>REGINA: Speaking
of, we're going
to go one step further on
this tenuous situation,
and then we're going
to get to looking
at what we can do, from
millennials all the way
through boomers, what
we can start doing now.
And it's really a much more
beautiful way to live anyway,
OK.
So you say we're
entering a period of what
you call, and is called,
stagflation, but on steroids.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: What do
you mean by that?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Hyper-stagflation
is where I see us going.
Now, stagflation, we know the
term from the 1970s, right,
where they had to
kind of counter it
with these really, really
high interest rates, which
was great for savers but
not so great for trying
to buy a home and
these sorts of things.
Stagflation means low
growth, high inflation, OK.
Our real growth,
that's productivity
of our businesses that
are being shuttered,
et cetera, et cetera, is
actually down significantly,
the Main Street.
>>REGINA: Right. but the price
of products is skyrocketing.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The price of
products is skyrocketing, OK.
They're flooding a lot
of money into the system,
even with these unemployment
checks and so forth
that's putting money
into the system.
People are using it to
buy up cybercurrency.
They're using it to buy up
products that aren't scarce
or whatever, but that's not
a recipe for going forward.
>>REGINA: No.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
You can't simply
have real growth,
not this funny money
growth, this hyperinflated, kind
of testosterone-driven growth.
You can take steroids and
you get muscles that way.
That's not the good way to get
muscles, and that's what our--
>>REGINA: There's a
price to pay later.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: There
is a price to pay,
and that's what we're
doing with our economy.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: So
I see that continue
to happen because there's
no champion for Main Street.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: There's
nobody saying, let's
flood all the money for them.
Even the newest so-called
infrastructure bill
was all really tilted
toward corporations.
Now, there's been a
real effort by some
of the progressives in Congress
to really move it toward family
and move it toward Main Street,
but both parties are mostly
captured by the upper
elite, and for some reason,
they keep talking about
helping the little guy,
but they're not.
And that can't go on forever.
You can't just have
the Main Street
collapsing in terms
of their growth
and then being asked to pay
higher and higher prices,
and then having to borrow
more and more money.
That's just a
recipe for disaster,
but I believe that's going
to happen in the near term.
>>REGINA: And this is global.
There's an event that
happened recently
that affected the
markets, a company,
I guess a massive corporation
called Evergrande in China.
Same thing is happening in
China, concentration of wealth
to the wealthiest, and they
are the wealthiest in the world
now individually, and then
the rest of the people
who are struggling themselves.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: This is happening
all over the globe.
This is not restricted to the
West or the US by any means.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
And this is where
we need to have solidarity,
because they often
tend to talk about
China or Russia
as those Russians
or those Chinese.
No.
>>REGINA: We're all people.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Those people--
>>REGINA: Are like us.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: At bottom
are like us, and their elite--
>>REGINA: Are the same
as the elite everywhere.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Everywhere, and
they are abusing their people
just as much.
This one company,
Evergrande, just
recently in the
last couple of days,
and it's sending ripples
through the market,
crashing cyber currencies
and other things
is $305 billion-- billion
dollars-- in debt.
That's nearly a 1/3 of a
trillion dollars, one company.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in debt.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Second largest.
It's only the second
largest developer in China.
>>REGINA: And this is a real
estate developing company
that had their fingers
all over the country,
including a lot of those ghost
communities and developments
where no people
ever lived, which
is hard to get our
minds around anyway.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And you
were telling me
that they had a practice
in recent times of taking
50% of your purchase money up
front before your house is ever
built. So they were
taking in quite
a lot of hard-earned earnings,
because the Chinese know
how to save, in cash.
How'd they end up 305
and growing in debt,
and looking like they're
going to default?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The example
I use is Bernie Madoff.
Bernie Madoff as one
person took in $50 billion.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
he used a Ponzi scheme
while skimming the
money out to pay out
some of the early investors.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: I'm not going
to make any statements as to it
because I don't
have any evidence,
but let's just say what happened
was that they were playing
fast and loose with
financial rules,
and the Chinese
government got wind
that this could create
catastrophic downfall.
So they started to place
more capital reserves
on them, saying, there are
certain things you can't do.
You need a certain
amount of money.
You can't just
continue to expand.
As soon as they imposed
that, it exposed the flaws
in their flaws in their system.
>>REGINA: Practices.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Because
anyone can make money
when it's always going up.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The
fundamental companies
will make it when it's
going down because they
have a sound business plan.
The ones that are just
looking for maximum profit
end up collapsing
and defaulting.
>>REGINA: OK, so
that's where we are.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Or
being too big to fail.
>>REGINA: Too big to
fail, failing upward
for the big guys, failing
downward for the little guys,
the average person on the
planet, and this is planetary.
So now, we're talking about what
you like to term unplugging,
as much as we have
the capability,
from big everything, and
plugging into small everything.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Explain
what you mean by that,
and let's look at the unique
opportunity for the millennials
right now, who are just
getting a start in life
and are saying, we
can never own a house,
not in our state, right,
and also boomers who
never had a big portfolio and
are working at Walmart, even.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
The first thing I
want to say here
and really encourage our
audience, because they're
a more metaphysical
audience to begin with,
the really big, big everything
is the cosmic, the cosmos.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: So I want to
plug into that big everything.
>>REGINA: The really big.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The
really big everything.
>>REGINA: The next level of big.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: The planetary
reptilians or overlordy,
power-mongering
type of people that
can't seem to really care
for others and only care
about power, money,
and so forth, that's
not who I'm talking about.
We need to withdraw their energy
source, their monetary source.
>>REGINA: We need to withdraw
from it and not feed it?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
I mean, like Khloe
Kardashian, a billionaire.
>>REGINA: For what?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: She's not
forcing anyone to buy her stuff
or to watch her,
but enough have done
that to get her a
billion dollars.
So that's the kind of
unplugging I'm talking
about on a very basic level.
That's superficial.
>>REGINA: Well, and also even on
a level that's more pragmatic,
even in the banking
industry, you
can continue with
Chase, Morgan or Chase,
or you can go with your
local savings union
in your town, your savings and
thrift, they used to be called.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: In my book, the
whole last third of my book are
all the things you can do--
>>REGINA: And they're
all beautiful.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
To unplug, and also
to plug into small everything.
You can unplug from your banks
and bring it to a credit union.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: You can do
all these kinds of things.
You can begin to
do local currency,
and time sharing, and debt
forgiveness for family members,
to do peer lending from person
to person at this small level.
Again, that's
within the framework
of this large big
everything, this cosmic,
which has integrity.
It has care, it has courage,
compassion, and creativity
at the heart.
>>REGINA: And it starts
at the grassroots level.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It starts
I ask everyone, I
said, listen, how good
do you feel when
you help a neighbor.
And how good do you
feel when you're
being helped by a neighbor?
Every one of them-- it doesn't
matter what religion they are,
what political party they
follow, what ethnic group--
all say the same thing.
They love it.
You know, we're a
little bit suspicious,
and some are a little
bit transactional,
like, I have to do this.
But for the most part, if we
have a decent relationship,
we like it when
somebody is helping us
and we like to
help somebody else.
We have an economy that's
doing the opposite.
We're having an
economy that's teaching
each and every one of us, and
rewarding us and training us
to, do the opposite, to
have predatory instincts
toward other people.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And
to fear and suspect
that everyone's coming after us.
We can't buy into
that programming
at the metaphysical level.
>>REGINA: Not anymore.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Not anymore.
We have to make our stand, and
we have courage, creativity,
compassion, community.
Bringing that
together, and there
are technologies that we
can develop around that,
like I said, pure
lending, time sharing,
to break down those barriers
and still have your own space.
If you're an introvert
like yourself--
>>REGINA: Yeah, I like my room.
I like my space.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: You like your
room, you like your space,
but for these millennials,
it's a great idea
to move in together.
It's a great idea to manage
and buy things in bulk.
You're saving money.
It's a great idea
because you won't
have to pay for childcare.
The parents of some
children can take care of,
and the kids can
play together when
the other parents are going out
on their dates and so forth.
We have the imagination.
We have the really tangible
benefits of, quote,
being downsized together.
>>REGINA: It's to needing
each other once again.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Needing
We won't be in
the same situation
that we were in the Depression,
because we have managed
a certain amount of
prosperity, automation
and certain safeguards.
But let's take advantage
of it proactively.
>>REGINA: And one
of the things I
was asking about a
moment ago, which
is the Boomers and the Great
Generation before, some of whom
are still alive,
like my father, one
of the interesting things
in an interview I did
with a man named Andrea
Villa a few years ago, was we
were talking about-- he was
saying, what is it with you
people in America.
He said in Italy--
he was raised near Venice--
he said in Italy, in
our towns, the village,
the whole town raises your son.
Your uncles raise your son, your
friends, uncles raise your son.
Everybody raises a child, and
he said here, what's with you.
The grandparents are like going
on cruises and playing golf.
They're not spending time
with their own grandkids.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: So there is
something truthful in that when
we're looking at the
American culture,
is the Boomer generation,
which Leo astrologically,
which is also the me, me, me--
I'm part of it-- the me,
me, me generation, which
is I'm going to
get mine, and I'm
going to make this thing good.
I'm going to rock it.
I'm going to look
good when I'm old.
I'm going to play golf well
when I'm old, all these things
that people want for themselves.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: There was a decline
in family participation
on a multigenerational
level, I think.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And even to an
extent in my dad's generation.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Yeah.
Sociological books
like "Bowling Alone"
many decades ago
have already begun
to show that trend, right.
He looked at-- that was just,
they called the book "Bowling
Alone" because they noticed it
going from leagues to people--
>>REGINA: Bowling alone.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Beginning to bowl alone.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
And I also think
that the meaning of
life, and achievement,
and success and worth,
has changed to much more
hyper individualistic.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It
isn't based in care.
It's based in getting that
promotion at your work,
or being on the
cover of a magazine.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Everybody's
got to be a celebrity,
and that's only been
accentuated by social media.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Where
literally everyone is just
taking pictures of
themselves and their meals.
Who gives a crap?
Does that add any real value?
Does it actually create
deep fulfillment?
Or is it more this ersatz,
surface-level, sensation-driven
notion of worth that if you
just take a half a step back go,
wait a minute.
That's not actually that
important to me or the world.
>>REGINA: And you've said
before that with all of this
coming down now,
and coming unglued,
there has never
been a better time
to be creative or be yourself.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And I couldn't
agree with that more.
If all of the systems
and institutions
aren't offering
you what was once
promised a generation ago--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Well, then good.
You don't have to do it.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Exactly.
I mean, it used to be the
pragmatist went ahead and did
the working hard, did the
saving, did all this and that,
had their own little house.
>>REGINA: The good
husband and good wife.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Yeah, suburban, you
know, McMansion, whatever
it happened to be,
and would get the wages
for following the rules
and toeing the line.
It was boring, and you might
be working in a cubicle.
Now, that's all gone.
You're freed from that,
because they've gone ahead
and blew away all
those promises.
They're not going
to be giving you
all those things for
the sacrifice of giving
in to the man, as it were.
Now, there's never been a
better time to be who you are.
Never been a better time,
because now that creativity,
compassion,
togetherness, community
is required for you
to have a good life,
because all the promises have
been broken on the bad life
that you were going to
sacrifice yourself to
in order to get your goodies.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: You know?
>>REGINA: No, that's very true.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: So there
isn't-- the pragmatist now is
the idealist.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: And that's
what we need to focus on,
how can we bring that
pragmatism together
with that much more
fulfilling, cosmically oriented
big everything, and then
pull our energy away
from that very low-level, global
sort of elite big everything.
And we do it through the local.
We do it through relationships.
We do it through experiences
over possessions.
We do it by beginning
to honor, care.
Without care, forget about
it, caring about what we do,
caring about the effect on the
planet, caring for each other.
>>REGINA: I agree with that,
and I did a show recently
with Jan Engels-Smith,
where we were talking
about the changes that are
happening in the cosmos
and on our Earth, the actual
shifting of the frequencies
of Earth itself.
Everything changes
frequencies over time,
and the Earth is going
in an upward trajectory
in its frequencies, meaning
that the old ways of doing
and being--
She's our host.
We have to keep up
or we're not here.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And to do that,
we have to refine ourselves.
We have to start questioning why
we're doing what we're doing.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: We have to start
caring and opening our hearts
again to keep up with
the frequencies of Earth.
So isn't it absolutely
essential that the economy
as we've known it, now
to become so artificial,
has to drop away as we
knew it to give birth
to something else?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And so I want
to add one more thought
and then have you take it away.
For years, I've been
saying to people,
we have to look around and
see where our real assets are.
Like, what do I have?
What skills do I have to
offer as a human being
to another person?
If, say, I'm letting
go of that horrible job
or they won't have
me back, and now I've
got to move out of my
house or sell it, and maybe
move in with a family member,
what do I have to offer?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: And who do you love?
Who loves you when it comes
down to it in hard times?
That's the biggest question.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Sure.
>>REGINA: It really
comes down to who
loves me enough to help me.
Who do I love enough to help?
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Exactly, exactly.
And there's a humility to that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Instead
of that kind of almost
testosterone-driven, I'm
better than everyone else,
I'm going to rise
above it all now
you're saying, not that
you're humble and lowly.
You're saying I've got a unique,
divine genius that I have
to offer the world,
and it can be
done in very, very sensitive
and wonderful and fulfilling and
healthy ways.
And it doesn't have to be on
the front page of a magazine.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: I trust
the experience and flow
of energy and spirit
more than that lack
of spiritual confidence
I had by selling my soul
to a system that has only the
worst intentions for everyone.
I am now dedicating my soul and
my spirit to creating a system,
and getting up every morning
and dedicating myself
to that system that's
going to make the world
a better place that more
caring, more compassionate, more
creative and more courageous.
So that's the choice we
have to make right there.
>>REGINA: I agree.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
It's been laid bare.
>>REGINA: It has been
laid bare, and this
is very different than
the New Age axiom.
Money is nothing but
energy made manifest.
This is different now.
We're moving beyond that.
We're leaving that behind.
We're talking about
what is made manifest
through true energy and
love, and it may not
be money, per se, OK.
But it's something that has
even truer value than that
to grow with the Earth into this
more sustainable, going back
to the harmonies and remembrance
of why the Earth was so
healing for us, always
has been, and why
we turned our back on her.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
Exactly, and to go
to what you've said many
times, and many of your guests
have said, that heart-based
feeling, right, is
what is important.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: That, being
able to understand that rather
than that notion, oftentimes,
in these more materially
driven so-called spiritual
things, right, which
are a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Let's face it.
>>REGINA: Some of them, yeah.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Some
of them were, OK,
or they were a little bit naive.
Now we're moving, like you
said, into the next phase.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: We've gone
through that growing phase
to be without
judgment, all right,
and this next phase
doesn't have to do
with our individual,
spiritual enlightenment.
Or our personal,
I guess you'd say,
promotion into the
good life is not
based upon exterior
approval, positioning
and all those things.
It's based on the relationship.
It's based on our spirit
doing what it's here to do.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
So based sharing.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
That's it.
Comes down to it, that's
where we have to go,
and it's going to have
a lot of iterations
and it's going to be
painful for some people.
No doubt about it, we're
going through a shift,
and shifts are painful
because it means letting
go of our familiar moorings.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
But if we do it,
we're going to
find it actually--
>>REGINA: So much more--
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: At first,
we're going to be panicked.
First, we're going to be fearful
and be like, oh, I'm going out
on my own with my family.
Who's going to do--
but as we move into it,
we're going to be, ah.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
All these burdens,
all these expectations,
all this struggle
in which I wasn't going to be
rewarded, in which my work was
going to be taken advantage
of, now I actually
can build on something.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: In community
with others, with my family
and other families,
in community.
>>REGINA: And families will
be back together again.
I think just one
example, my sister,
I mean, when my sister
and I had our children,
we were in our own house
having to figure out
how to pay the mortgage
and not miss too much work
and keep the kids healthy,
cared for and going.
New moms with jobs and
heads of household and such,
and that's very stressful.
Very stressful when you're
trying to nurture a baby.
Now, her son is
married and they're
getting ready to have
a baby, and my sister
has this little build-up above
a garage, little apartment.
They moved into the
little apartment.
They're going to have
their baby there.
The whole family is there
now to take care of the baby.
They don't have to stress
it over high rents,
so they can work as they can,
continue their education.
And I think it's just like this
beautiful little wonderland
over there of extended
multigenerational family
coming together to now bring
this new life into the world.
And that's how it
always should have been.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: It
should have been.
>>REGINA: We shouldn't have
been stressed out thinking,
oh, I can only
take six weeks off
and who's going
to watch the baby.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: That's not right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right,
and as we do that
and we get a taste
for it, we're not
going to put up with
the abuse anymore.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: We're
not going to put up
with the predatory behavior.
We're going to elect politicians
and community leaders,
and we ourselves are going
to run for these positions
and advocate for them.
That supports exactly
what you just said.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We're in 100% agreement,
and support all
your little small, local
mom-and-pop businesses
that made it through COVID.
I think that's a big one too.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS: Right.
>>REGINA: Support
your small businesses
and support each other.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
That's an investment
in the future of the world.
It's an investment in
the future of your heart
and the heart of your community.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Thank you so much, Zeus.
I met you here 5 and 1/2
years ago exactly, almost
exactly 5 and 1/2 years
ago, on this story,
and this is where
it's landed today.
>>YIAMOUYIANNIS:
We're a good example
of what can come out if
we just let go and just
proceed forward.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, and that's
what I first interviewed you
on, was transforming
economy back then.
And now it's just coming true.
So thank you.
Thank you for being
here and in my life.
You can go to Zeus's
website at citizenzeus.com
to read many, many more
of his articles and videos
on these topics.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."